The project consists of following 4 components:

"Create one video for component 1, 2 & 3"

Component 1: Front-end Development (React) - Submit code files

Component 2: Back-end Development (Node.js & Express) - Submit code files

Component 3: Client-Side Integration - Submit code files

Component 4: Advanced Functionality - Submit Project Reflection Document

Component 1
Submit Home Page & Detailed Page:                          Submit Code Files

Create a home page that displays a list of courses with:
-An image representing the course.
-The course title.
-A brief description.
-Hours to complete.
-A button or link to view more details about the course.
Create a detailed view page for each course with:
-The course title.
-An image representing the course.
-A detailed description.
-A list of modules or lessons included in the course.
-An enrollment button.
Guidelines:
Use Create React App to set up a new React project.
Ensure the page is fully responsive, with a mobile-first design approach.
Utilize Flexbox or CSS Grid for layout. "https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_grid.asp"
Use React components to make it reusable.
Setup routing via app.js.

Component 2
Back-end Development (Node.js & Express)            Submit Code Files

Project Initialisation:
Initialise a new Node.js project.
Set up an Express server.
Setup and connect to a MongoDB database.
Data Models:
Design a data model for courses with fields: title, description, instructor, duration, and category.
API Endpoints:
GET /courses: Retrieve a list of all courses.
GET /courses/:id: Retrieve detailed information about a specific course.
POST /courses: Add a new course.

Component 3
Client-Side Integration:                                             Submit Code Files

React Application:
Set up a React application to interact with your backend.
Implement a course listing page where users can see all courses.
Implement a course detail page where users can view more information about a specific course.

Component 4
Caching:
Report on how would you implement caching strategies to handle a large number of courses efficiently.
I would implement the in-memory caching that use either Redis or Memcached to cache frequently accessed data and reduce the load on database. Also, HTTP caching can be a great idea to enable client-side caching and reduce server load.
As well as CDN (Content Dynamic Network) can be used to allow the users to access the closest server in their geographical region.

Plan for cache invalidation
To implement cache invalidation strategies, we need to ensure that cached data remains up to date. This can be achieved by setting conditions to remove cached items after a certain period of time or by using event-driven invalidation when data changes.


Load Balancing:
Report on how would you distribute incoming requests across multiple instances of your Express server.
I would use horizontal scaling, i.e. load balancers (e.g. NGINX, HAProxy) to distribute incoming requests across multiple instances of my Express server. 

High Availability:
Report on how would you ensure high availability for your backend application, especially in disaster scenarios.

In general, we provide redundancy to ensure high availability of backend application. 
For instances, a load balancer distributes incoming traffic across multiple application servers to prevent any single server from becoming overloaded.

Report on how would you implement high availability for the MongoDB database in a production environment. 


